1. Goal's for the week of 02/11/2019 - 02/17/2019:
    1. It should be a top priority to try and get automatic pushing/pulling implemented this week. We took some extra time to
       to lay out the architecture of our project, so now we're behind on implementation.

    2. It sounds like OAuth can be finicky to set up, so if we can also get that at least on standby this week then we won't 
       need to worry about it taking too long in the future, further pushing back our schedule.
       
2. Progress for the week of 02/11/2019 - 02/17/2019:
    1. We now have PyGithub integration in a branch of our repository. We didn't manage to get full on automatic pushing and 
       pulling implemented. We have the necessary components ready now though, those being file monitoring through a daemon
       and PyGithub integration for pushing to a repository. The only task left now for automatic pushing and pulling is to
       connect these components.
       
    2. We have an OAuth structure in our repository now, for when we need to authenticate Github communications, but we haven't
       yet implemented this fully either. The set up process is out of the way though, which will no longer impede our progress
       moving forward.
       
       
 3. Goal's for the week of 02/17/2019 - 02/23/2019:
    1. We now have alot of structure set up for our project. What's left now is to start hooking pieces together. The first step
       should be to prepare some form of functional demo by Thursday. I think this could most feasibly be achieved by demonstrating
       our automatic pushing. We have ways to detect when a file is saved and closed, and we have a way to communicate with a Git
       repo, so for our demo we only need to perform this communication everytime a file is saved or closed.
       
    2. We also got feedback suggesting that we give concrete steps for user testing, since our examples were too high level. I
       think a good goal that responds too this feedback is to write out concrete examples of our high level use cases, and then
       use our user testing group to perform these tests. This should hopefully allow us notice any bugs before we delve too deep 
       into the implementation process.
       
    3. We have CI set up on our repo, but we don't currently have any real implementation tests running yet. We should also aim
       to have tests for at least one of either the daemon or the PyGithub integration written and running on our CI by the end
       of the week.
