1. Goals for the week of 01/28/2019 - 02/03/2019:
    0. Have the project setup (team communication channels, version control,
    staff communication channels) completed by 1/28/2019.
    1. Complete a v1 API which gives the functionality of each module and their
    interactions.
    2. Complete pseudo-code for the test suite based on the API and determine
    several suitable technologies for test-suite implementation.
    3. Propose languages/external APIs/resources that will be essential in 
    building GitUp according to the API.

2. Progress for the week of 01/28/2019 - 02/03/2019:
    0. This goal was completely achieved. It was relatively easy to setup
    these channels as most members in the team had done so before. Suprisingly,
    the hardest channel to setup was the email list. No blockers here.
    1. This goal was not completed or started. Since I had anticipated this
    goal prior to the completion of the Project Proposal (which includes a 
    schedule) I had the creation of an "API" for GitUp envisioned ahead of
    what our group decided on. There weren't any particular learnings or 
    blockers in this process since the goal wasn't even attempted. This goal
    will rollover to this week because it is a part of our implementation
    plan according to GitUp's v1 proposal. Also, it would make sense to start
    making progress on this goal because the "user manual" is due on 2/12/2019
    which could be captured in creating an API.
    2. This goal was mostly achieved, the majority of work demonstrated in
    GitUp's proposal. This goal was easy to achieve since our group worked on
    this in a team setting. Specific technologies used to test implement this
    test suite were not discussed but this is reasoned since we have not
    determined a build framework or core language to implement GitUp. 
    3. This goal was informally started but not completed. Core technologies
    identified in creating GitUp thus far will be the Git version control system
    and some sort of scripting language which allows macro-control of Git VC.
    Past this our team is unsure of what other APIs/resources we will leverage.
    I anticipate deciding on a language which is portable and a build system
    that is lightweight will be ideal for GitUp since it needs to reflect both
    of those qualities when being used by a client.
    Summary: Most of this week's progress was a result of completing GitUp's
    proposal. Blockers this week were minimal. During this upcoming week it will
    be crucial to mostly complete an API for GitUp (anticipating the "user
    manual" assignment) and be intentional with choosing technologies to
    implement GitUp.

3. Goal's for the week of 02/04/2019 - 02/10/2019:
    0. Complete a v1 API which gives the functionality of each module and their
    interactions.
    1. Determine and initialize the core language, build framework and test
    framework for GitUp in the project repository.
    2. Revise Project to do three things:
        a. Identify the problem, competitors and insufficient current state
        all in adjacent sections of the paper.
        b. Define metrics for comparing GitUp to competitors to evaluate the
        project's success.
        c. Support all strong claims with research and include a correctly
        formatted citations section.
