1. Goals for the week of 01/30/2019 - 02/05/2019: N/A

2. Progress for the week of 01/30/2019 - 02/05/2019:

This week we focused on responding to the feedback we received about our project
proposal, and creating an architecture and implementation plan. In our original
proposal we planned on using this week to implement the automatic pushing /
pulling functionality, but after meeting with Martin and seeing our feedback it
was clear that our time was better spent justifying our problem more fully, and
thinking through our architecture before we started coding. Gerard took the lead
on designing a UI, with Kamden and Kaushal focusing on updating the proposal to
address the feedback and explaining the architecture and UI. Rob hopped between
teams helping a little with the UI and on evaluating and editing the changes to
the proposal. It was difficult this week to get our project proposal down to 5
pages while still including our architectural plan. We needed to be more concise
with our wording in a few sections to meet the length requirement.

3. Goal's for the week of 02/06/2019 - 02/12/2019:

By next week we now want to have our initial UI finished and begin working on the
core of our project - the automatic pushing and pulling for the git repo. While
the actual code to do the pushing and pulling will not be difficult, defining a
good system for grouping commits will be the core challenge. The system must
monitor a project without being too invasive or too infrequent. Gerard and
Kaushal will be responsible for implementing the automatic pushing and pulling
feature this week, while Kamden and Rob will serve as evaluators. Additionally,
we’ve begun to form two groups, one of experienced developers and one of less
experienced developers as points of user data to define GitUp’s features. We
have found some people but are looking to add a couple more people to each
group and clearly define responsibilities.

4. TA Meeting Agenda 02/07/2018 @ 16:30 in CSE2 151:

TA as a Lead Software Engineer:
    1. Discuss the problem of commiting with enough regularity to be useful, 
    without being overly invasive.
        a. Fixed time based heuristic seems both too invasive and not frequent 
        enough although might be a useful starting point.
        b. A system based on a varying time between commits increasing frequency
        when the user is active and decreasing when not active might be possible.
        c. Some sort of callback system based on when files are opened and
        closed seems like an interesting alternative.

TA as a TA:
    1. Ask about the changes made to the project proposal and specifically
    whether or not the problem definition is more justified. Similarly, confirm
    that the evaluation plan is comprehensive. 
    2. Ask about what to prioritize in the report as to respect the page limit. 

TA as a Customer:
    1. Ask for his impressions upon looking at GitUp UI mockups without
    explanation of usage.
    2. Ask for likes and dislikes about competitor interfaces.
