1. Goal's for the week of 01/28/2019 - 02/03/2019:
    1. The first goal is to make sure everyone in our group has been added to our communication platforms.

    2. We will require an initial API that lays out our core functionality before we can really start
       developing this project, so this will need to be a top priority.

    3. We will need to brainstorm how we will hope to accomplish our end goals given our API, and figure
       out the best way to get these components developed. This may include figuring out how to divide and
       conquer parts of the project.

2. Progress for the week of 01/28/2019 - 02/03/2019:
    1. We managed to revise our project proposal this week. We were able to add a lot more specificity as to what 
       we want our product to provide. This even included example use cases that we generated to test our product as 
       we are developing it.
    
    2. When we were figuring out our use cases and how we'd test our product, there was a little bit of difficulty
       deciding what the behavior of our product should be in our use cases. There was also a good point brought up
       at our Thursday meeting about thinking more about if we want to be able to force a commit on one machine while
       operating from a different machine.
    
    3. I think one place we're a little bit stuck is that we want to perform some form of automatic pushing to avoid the
       the local copy from getting too out of sync from the repository, but we currently don't have a great idea of how
       frequently/infrequently that pushing should occur.

3. Goal's for the week of 02/04/2019 - 02/10/2019:
    1. I think one of our goals this week should be to figure out what libraries and API's we'll need to use in order to 
       make our product. 

    2. It is important to find some form of GitHub user complaints so that we can target specific problems real users have
       and keep them in mind during the development process. This will presumably take place of the user survey we had 
       originally planned to use, but now seems like it won't pan out.

    3. Since our goal for 02/11/2019 is to have automatic pushing and pulling completed, we need to rethink how often
       automatic pushing should take place. Originally we threw out an idea for pushing every 30 minutes, but upon
       further thinking this seems inadequate.
