1. Goal's for the week of 02/04/2019 - 02/10/2019:
    1. I think one of our goals this week should be to figure out what libraries and API's we'll need to use in order to 
       make our product. 

    2. It is important to find some form of GitHub user complaints so that we can target specific problems real users have
       and keep them in mind during the development process. This will presumably take place of the user survey we had 
       originally planned to use, but now seems like it won't pan out.

    3. Since our goal for 02/11/2019 is to have automatic pushing and pulling completed, we need to rethink how often
       automatic pushing should take place. Originally we threw out an idea for pushing every 30 minutes, but upon
       further thinking this seems inadequate.
       
2. Progress for the week of 02/04/2019 - 02/10/2019:
    1. We have decided on what API's and libraries we will need to work with. We will use Tkinter (Python) for our GUI.
       Tkinter allows the GUI to be cross-platform friendly. We will also use OAuth to handle user credentials when 
       communicating with Github. Lastly, we will use GitPython to handle actual repository data flow between the local
       and remote repositories.
       
    2. We managed to find a paper that criticizes Git's conceptual design. It references stackoverflow surveys, and provides
       data that supports our driving motivation behind this project, that Git is too bloated and over-complicated for
       new users. It seems from this paper that most people believe Git's documentation is inadequate as well.
       
    3. We have now, for the most part, decided that autamtic pushing should be event-based. Time-based pushing just doesn't
       seem to have a golden time constant that's ideal to push after. This feature will most likely get pushed back since we
       haven't gotten started implementing it yet.
       
 3. Goal's for the week of 02/11/2019 - 02/17/2019:
    1. It should be a top priority to try and get automatic pushing/pulling implemented this week. We took some extra time to
       to lay out the architecture of our project, so now we're behind on implementation.

    2. It sounds like OAuth can be finicky to set up, so if we can also get that at least on standby this week then we won't 
       need to worry about it taking too long in the future, further pushing back our schedule.
