1. Goal's for the week of 02/17/2019 - 02/23/2019:
    1. We now have alot of structure set up for our project. What's left now is to start hooking pieces together. The first step
       should be to prepare some form of functional demo by Thursday. I think this could most feasibly be achieved by demonstrating
       our automatic pushing. We have ways to detect when a file is saved and closed, and we have a way to communicate with a Git
       repo, so for our demo we only need to perform this communication everytime a file is saved or closed.
       
    2. We also got feedback suggesting that we give concrete steps for user testing, since our examples were too high level. I
       think a good goal that responds too this feedback is to write out concrete examples of our high level use cases, and then
       use our user testing group to perform these tests. This should hopefully allow us notice any bugs before we delve too deep 
       into the implementation process.
       
    3. We have CI set up on our repo, but we don't currently have any real implementation tests running yet. We should also aim
       to have tests for at least one of either the daemon or the PyGithub integration written and running on our CI by the end
       of the week.
       
2. Progress for the week of 02/17/2019 - 02/23/2019:
    1. We created a demo that showcases two of our modules coupled together. Our demo was to start our daemon which monitors a 
       repository, and tracks the changes of files within it. After the daemon is started, edits can be made to the repository.
       Then, we can use git commands to check that the repository changes were committed. This showcases both our file monitoring
       capabilities, and our ability to communicate with git.
       
    2. We are taking a step back when it comes to user testing and re-evaluating our methods. We have received more feedback
       this week stating that a controlled user experiment may not be necessary for our product. It may prove easier for our
       user testing group to just use our product for a project of theirs, instead of enforcing a set of operations. This way of
       evaluating our product may also unveil some corner cases we failed to think about initially.
       
    3. As far as testing goes, we weren't able to set up any further tests for our CI to run yet. We spent time instead making sure
       we had a working build system, which we were lacking last week.
       
 3. Goal's for the week of 02/23/2019 - 03/01/2019:
    1. Complete an initial usable product by linking together our currently separated modules (GUI, Git integrationg, and daemon 
       monitoring). This will be the bulk of our efforts this week.
       
    2. Pick a method of user testing based on feedback given, and then perform an initial user test.
