1. Goals for the week of 01/21/2019 - 01/27/2019:
    1. No goals for the first week.

1. Goals for the week of 01/21/2019 - 01/27/2019:
    1. The first goal this week was to talk to other project groups and figure out which projects interested me.
       This also required me to try and pitch my project to other groups in hopes that my pitch would interest them.
    
    2. The second goal was to try and understand the fine details of the project I'd be working on, to make sure we
       weren't biting off more than we could chew, but also that our product wasn't trivial or too simple as a 
       project.
    
    3. After forming groups, the goal was to get organized and set up important communication lines and repositories
       so that our group could productively collaborate.

    Summary: As for the first goal this week, I ended up talking with the GitUp pitch group. I was interested in
    	     their pitch, but had a little bit of trouble initially grasping the specific features they wanted to
	     implement. One thing that helped get me on board with the GitUp group was when they described their
	     goal at a lower level. What they really wanted to do was to handle some of the more simple git user
	     error cases by "baby-proofing" it with an add-on. This project is something I would've actually liked
	     to have had as a new computer science major trying to figure out git. I can see the merit of creating
	     a simple and fast way to make git less user error prone. 	     
	     After talking it over though, I felt comfortable enough with the depth and focus of their
	     project idea that I decided I'd join their group. In terms of the last goal for this week, we set up
	     an email list, a GitHub repo, a slack workspace, and shared our phone numbers. This should allow us to
	     make efficient progress as a team.

3. Goal's for the week of 01/28/2019 - 02/03/2019:
    1. The first goal is to make sure everyone in our group has been added to our communication platforms.

    2. We will require an initial API that lays out our core functionality before we can really start
       developing this project, so this will need to be a top priority.

    3. We will need to brainstorm how we will hope to accomplish our end goals given our API, and figure
       out the best way to get these components developed. This may include figuring out how to divide and
       conquer parts of the project.
