1. Goals for the week of 02/25/2019 - 03/03/2019:
    1. Complete the version one implementation of the GitUp user account and 
    remote repository control.
    2. Complete a version one unit test suite for the above implementation.
    3. Complete one user test for the user account flow and functionality.

2. Progress for the week of 02/25/2019 - 03/03/2019:
    1. A version one implementation has been created! This includes OAuth login
    support along with remote repository creation, cloning, pushing and pulling
    as needed by GitUp. The biggest lesson in this process centered around
    testing and debugging practices. In regards to testing, I found that writing
    code which can be tested dynamically and quickly is essential, using 
    Python's interpreter really helped with this process since it was very easy
    to test integration cases as they were needed. This process allowed for the
    casual brainstorming and design of tests that will be documented in a more
    formal test suite later on. When fixing the problems exposed by the
    interpreter testing debugging the most effective method was getting a basic
    implementation working first and then refining afterward (in the same commit
    ) to avoid letting lazy code get closer to the production build.
    2. No unit test suite can be found in the build for the UserAccount and
    ProjectManager modules but during the creation and debugging process several
    unit test cases were exposed. The most vulnerable processes which should be
    backed by testing are those which involve creating remote repositories and/
    or remotes which are associated with local repositories that backup projects
    . The reason behind emphasizing these tests lies in the nuance of different
    cases which could occur (conflicting repo names, existing repos/remotes,
    large projects etc.).
    3. No user tests have been practiced involving UserAccount/Project setup and
    usage although our team spent a decent amount of time refining our existing
    user testing. Major revisions to the user testing went from basic ABC -->
    123 testing and comparison to two phases seperation of usage and comparison
    testing for more accurate results with a smaller sample size. This objective 
    should be achieveable and will be carried over into the next week.
    Summary: Compared to previous weeks this one felt far more productive and
    many tangible results were produced in implementation, testing and 
    presentation. It's awesome to see all the planning and documentation become
    a useable product, I think it will pay off!

3. Goal's for the week of 03/04/2019 - 03/10/2019:
    1. Add functionality to the UserAccount and ProjectManager modules for
    comparing version history of projects (for use by the GUI) and support
    project directory tracking with the Daemon.
    2. Complete a version one unit test suite for the above implementation.
    3. Complete one user test for the user account flow and functionality.
